                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (FALL 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


               Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #3

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Ashwin Agesh Somanathan

 
B: Suraj Sathya Prakash

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	        12          12
coding 	  	  	            15          15
writeup 	  	  	        8           8
planning (alone) 	  	  	10          10 
total (including meetings) 	50          50 	  	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    Both members contributed equally in ideation and code implementation.
    Both members individually made incremental optimizations based on meetings.
    Ashwin performed collected performance statistics.
    Suraj compiled results and prepared a draft of the report.
    The report was completed and proofed by both members.
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
    Assignment completed
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)? If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
    Strengths: 
    Both members contibuted equal effort toward the assigment. 
    Both members were able to work together and individually to identify corner cases and optimization opportunities. The performance achieved would not have been possible working only as individuals.
    Weaknesses:
    Both members were inexperienced with profiling tools, leading to long setup times and some guesswork during implementation.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    Working together on a shared codebase.
    Clean coding practices.
    Many lessons about the intricacies and boundary conditions involved in distributed workloads.
    Differences in dev philosophies between GPU (from PA2) and CPUs.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
    To have a more methodical approach and not skip steps in between in hopes of large gains.
    Start documentation early and keep building up.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    This assignment was a great lesson in the power of parallel programming.
    Lots of fun, frustrations and learnings.
    Some more help with setting up and using perf tools would have been helpful. The massive dump of data is difficult to interpret.